Everyone, I want to start off this video with a good news for you, and that is it's not hard to pass
coding interviews and I'm pretty sure that you can land jobs in the big tech companies like Google,
Apple, Facebook, Amazon and many more because many people did.
So why can't you?
But you need to do one thing that is practice, practice and practice.
Success in any field is consistency, not abilities.
While you're watching this video, this course, just keep in mind that I will be available any time
you need my help because I want to see you successful.
And that is it for this video.
My name is Sean and I am a senior software engineer at one of the top companies in the world.
And I will see you in the next video.